Entity Configurations and Metadata for PID/(Q)EAA Providers and RPs (#328)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-entity-configuration.rst

.. include:: ../common/common_definitions.rst

Entity Configuration of Relying Parties
--------------------------------------------

> According to the Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, the Relying Party is a Federation Entity and MUST provide a *well-known* endpoint containing its Entity Configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acording to Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, the Relying Party, being a Federation Entity, is required to maintain a well-known endpoint that hosts its Entity Configuration.
```

> Acording to Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, the Relying Party, being a Federation Entity, is required to maintain a well-known endpoint that hosts its Entity Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, the Relying Party, being a Federation Entity, is required to maintain a well-known endpoint that hosts its Entity Configuration.
```

> According to Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, the Relying Party, being a Federation Entity, is required to maintain a well-known endpoint that hosts its Entity Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to Section :ref:`Configuration of the Federation`, as a Federation Entity, the Relying Party is required to maintain a well-known endpoint that hosts its Entity Configuration.
```

> The Entity Configuration of Relying Parties MUST contain the claims as defined in Sections :ref:`Entity Configuration Leaves and Intermediates` and :ref:`Entity Configurations Common Parameters`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Entity Configuration of Relying Parties MUST contain the parameters as defined in the Sections :ref:`Entity Configuration Leaves and Intermediates` and :ref:`Entity Configurations Common Parameters`. 
```

> The Entity Configuration of Relying Parties MUST contain the parameters as defined in the Sections :ref:`Entity Configuration Leaves and Intermediates` and :ref:`Entity Configurations Common Parameters`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Entity Configuration of Relying Parties MUST contain the parameters defined in the Sections :ref:`Entity Configuration Leaves and Intermediates` and :ref:`Entity Configurations Common Parameters`. 
```

The Relying Parties MUST provide the following metadata types:

  - `federation_entity`
  - `wallet_relying_party`

Metadata for federation_entity
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The *federation_entity* metadata MUST contain the claims as defined in Section :ref:`Metadata of federation_entity Leaves`.

Metadata for wallet_relying_party
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The *wallet_relying_party* metadata MUST contain the following claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *wallet_relying_party* metadata MUST contain the following parameters.
```

.. list-table:: 
  :widths: 20 60
  :header-rows: 1

  * - **Claim**
    - **Description**
  * - **client_id**
    - It MUST contain an HTTPS URL that uniquely identifies the RP. See :rfc:`7591#section-3.2.1` and `OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0 <https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html>`_ Section 3.2. 
  * - **client_name**
    - Human-readable string name of the RP. See :rfc:`7591#section-2`. 
  * - **application_type**
    - String indicating the type of application. It MUST be set to "*web*" value. See `OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0 <https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html>`_ Section 2. 
  * - **request_uris**
    - JSON Array of *request_uri* values that are pre-registered by the RP. These URLs MUST use the *https* scheme. See `OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0 <https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html>`_ Section 2.

>   * - **response_uris**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * - **response_uris_supported**
```

>     - JSON Array of response URI strings to which the Wallet Instance MUST send the Authorization Response using an HTTP POST request as defined by the Response Mode direct_post and direct_post.jwt (see `OpenID4VP`_ Draft 20 Sections 6.2 and 6.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - JSON Array of response URI strings to which the Wallet Instance MUST send the Authorization Response using an HTTP POST request as defined by the Response Mode ``direct_post`` and ``direct_post.jwt`` (see `OpenID4VP`_ Draft 20 Sections 6.2 and 6.3).
```

  * - **authorization_signed_response_alg**

>     - String representing the JWS [:rfc:`7515`] *alg* algorithm that MUST be used for signing authorization responses. The algorithm *none* MUST be used. See `[oauth-v2-jarm-03] <https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-jarm-03.html>`_ Section 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - String representing the JWS [:rfc:`7515`] *alg* algorithm that MUST be used for signing authorization responses. The algorithm *none* MUST NOT be used. See `[oauth-v2-jarm-03] <https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-jarm-03.html>`_ Section 3.
```

>     - String representing the JWS [:rfc:`7515`] *alg* algorithm that MUST be used for signing authorization responses. The algorithm *none* MUST not to be used. See `[oauth-v2-jarm-03] <https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-jarm-03.html>`_ Section 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - String representing the JWS [:rfc:`7515`] *alg* algorithm that MUST be used for signing authorization responses. The algorithm *none* MUST NOT be used. See `[oauth-v2-jarm-03] <https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-jarm-03.html>`_ Section 3.
```

  * - **vp_formats**

>     - JSON object defining the formats and proof types of Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials that a RP supports. It consists of a list of name/value pairs, where each name uniquely identifies a supported type. The RP MUST support at least "*vc+sd-jwt*" according to `OPENID4VC-HAIP`_ Draft 00 Section 7.2.7. The value associated with each name/value pair MUST be a JSON object "**sd-jwt_alg_values**" that MUST contain a JSON array containing identifiers of cryptographic algorithms the RP supports for protection of a SD-JWT. The *alg* JOSE header (as defined in :rfc:`7515`) of the presented SD-JWT MUST match one of the array values. See also `OpenID4VP`_ Draft 20 Section 9.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - JSON object defining the formats and proof types of Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials the RP supports. It consists of a list of name/value pairs, where each name uniquely identifies a supported type. The RP MUST support at least "*vc+sd-jwt*" according to `OPENID4VC-HAIP`_ Draft 00 Section 7.2.7. The value associated with each name/value pair MUST be a JSON object "**sd-jwt_alg_values**" that MUST contain a JSON array containing identifiers of cryptographic algorithms the RP supports for protection of a SD-JWT. The *alg* JOSE header (as defined in :rfc:`7515`) of the presented SD-JWT MUST match one of the array values. See also `OpenID4VP`_ Draft 20 Section 9.1.
```

  * - **presentation_definitions_supported**
    - JSON Array of supported *presentation_definition* objects that MUST be compliant to the syntax defined in Section 5 of `[DIF.PresentationExchange] <https://identity.foundation/presentation-exchange/spec/v2.0.0/>`_ and Section 7.2.8 of `OPENID4VC-HAIP`_ Draft 00. For *presentation_definition* objects see also `OpenID4VP`_ Section 5.1.
  * - **jwks**
    - JSON Web Key Set document, passed by value, containing the protocol specific keys for the Relying Party. See `[oauth-v2-jarm-03] <https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-jarm-03.html>`_ Section 3,  `OIDC-FED`_ Draft 36 Section 5.2.1 and `JWK`_.

.. note::

>     The claims **response_uris** and **presentation_definitions_supported** are introduced in this Specification. 

Reviewer: I suggest to rename `response_uris` to `response_uris_supported`

Author: @grausof, @stedcl, is it fine with you? If it is ok, I will take the proposal of @peppelinux .

>     The claims **response_uris** and **presentation_definitions_supported** are introduced in this Specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The claims **response_uris_supported** and **presentation_definitions_supported** are introduced in this Specification. 
```
